Hi Ronald,

I'm attaching the scripts. I think a lot of them rely more or less on
my directory structure, so you'll need to do some adapting if you want
to use them.

I'll give some explanations related to their purpose below.

Cheers, Gyözö

bfassignfifatalents

Assign strengths to the teams in the World Cup definition based on the
FIFA ranking.

bfcheckconsts

Check for unused constants (constants are parameters read from the
files bygfoot_constants and bygfoot_app)

bfcheckfuncs

Check for unused functions

bfcheckgettext

Check for strings that are not enclosed in gettext macros (and so don't
end up in the po files and aren't translated

bfcheckgettext.learnbuffer

This is a buffer (not a script) containing strings that the previous
script will skip (not all strings have to be translated, after all)

bfcheckmakefile

Checks whether the c and h file dependencies are correctly described in
the makefile (has the option -w to write a new makefile based on the
header files)

bfcheckmofiles

This one copies the gmo files from the po directory to the appropriate
directories in "./locale", so that you can try out translations during
development (without having to install).

bfcheckpotfile

Check whether all c files that contain gettext strings are listed in
the potfiles file

bfcountlines
bfcountteams

Count the lines of source code (around 50K) and teams in the game
(2,7K).

bfcppatches

Not relevant.

bfdiffcvs

Not relevant.

bfgetpot

Refresh the po and pot files (relevant when new translatable strings
have been added).

bfmakebin

Creates a binary package. You won't use this directly, I suppose, only
"bfpack".

bfmakefile

This is the one I mentioned: this one scans the filesystem and updates
the support files and support dirs in the Makefile.

bfmakepatch

I think this isn't relevant any more.

bfmakerpms

Creates rpm package. See bfmakebins.

bfmakesrc

Creates source package. See bfmakebins.

bfmakeupgrade

Not relevant.

bfpack

This one creates all packages except for the windows package, of
course. You'll need an rpm installation. It'll also list a couple of
things at the beginning which have to be taken care of before creating
the packages, such as changelog etc.

bfupload
bfuploadcomm
bfuploaddef
bfuploadhowtos

I think this upload stuff isn't that relevant anymore, but possibly I'm
wrong. This is about copying documentation to the webspace.

bygfoot-update

This is a symlink to the update script (that's delivered in the unix
releases), probably broken in the attached archive.

bygfoot-updated
bygfoot-updatez

Don't know what these do.. I think they can be ignored.

cvc

Not relevant anymore; this was automated committing of changes to CVS.

deb

This is an alias for "make" in the sense that it starts the gdb
debugger if something goes wrong.

diffsvn

This one compares the current local development to the version in the
svn directory.

grec

An alias for grepping in the c files.

greh

An alias for grepping in the h files.

makesrc

An old version of bfmakesrc. Not relevant.

sav

A convenient script for saving the current local development in
enumerated archives.

bfpo_statistics
get the po statistics of all languages
